stream: add toArray helpers (#41553)
nodejs/node: doc/api/stream.md

  console.log(item); // 3, 4
}
// With an asynchronous predicate, making at most 2 queries at a time.
const resolver = new Resolver();
const dnsResults = await Readable.from([
  'nodejs.org',
  'openjsf.org',
  'www.linuxfoundation.org',
]).map(async (domain) => {
  const { address } = await resolver.resolve4(domain, { ttl: true });
  return address;
}, { concurrency: 2 });
await dnsResults.forEach((result) => {
  // Logs result, similar to `for await (const result of dnsResults)`
  console.log(result);
});
console.log('done'); // Stream has finished
```

### `readable.toArray([options])`

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> Stability: 1 - Experimental

* `options` {Object}
  * `signal` {AbortSignal} allows cancelling the toArray operation if the
    signal is aborted.
* Returns: {Promise} a promise containing an array (if the stream is in
  object mode) or Buffer with the contents of the stream.

This method allows easily obtaining the contents of a stream. If the
stream is in [object mode][object-mode] an array of its contents is returned.
If the stream is not in object mode a Buffer containing its data is returned.

> As this method reads the entire stream into memory, it negates many of the
> benefits of streams and should not be used in performance sensitive situations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As this method reads the entire stream into memory, it negates the benefits of
streams. It's intended for interoperability and convenience, not as the primary
way to consume streams.
```

console.log('done'); // Stream has finished
```

### `readable.toArray([options])`

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> Stability: 1 - Experimental

* `options` {Object}
  * `signal` {AbortSignal} allows cancelling the toArray operation if the
    signal is aborted.
* Returns: {Promise} a promise containing an array (if the stream is in

>   object mode) or Buffer with the contents of the stream.

Reviewer 2: I'd prefer if this used a `Uint8Array` instead of `Buffer`.

Author: @jasnell `.read()` returns a buffer so I assumed this should return the same type. As buffers are all `Uint8Array`s and this behavior is stream specific I'm not sure what we gain?

Why do you prefer `Uint8Array` here? Is there some long-term plan to minimize/deprecate `Buffer` as a type?

Reviewer 2: > Why do you prefer Uint8Array here? Is there some long-term plan to minimize/deprecate Buffer as a type?

Consider it a non-blocking personal preference to start moving away, as much as possible, from Node.js specific APIs where there is a language and web platform standard API option available. We can't change the existing `stream.Readable` API but we don't have to introduce new dependencies on the implementation specific APIs.

Author: @ronag @mcollina thoughts?

Reviewer 3: > Consider it a non-blocking personal preference to start moving away, as much as possible, from Node.js specific APIs where there is a language and web platform standard API option available.

I strongly agree with this too, as a heavy user of Node.js. `Buffer` makes it harder to create cross-platform packages.

I think this merits a larger discussion in a dedicated issue though. I'd like to see an official stance on this, for `Buffer` specifically, but also generally.

Author: @sindresorhus  @jasnell opened https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/41588 - since this API is experimental I am content with shipping it with buffer and breaking it in a small way in the next version.

Reviewer 4: What does the spec say/do here?

Reviewer 5: The rule of least surprise would tell me to return a Buffer here. I don't think we should return a UInt8Array unless it's specified by the spec.

Author: @ronag If we were to `toArray` an async iterator it would return a list of all the chunks I would assume it would not concat them. I can change the behavior to an array of buffers but I am not sure it's particularly useful to users.

I suspect/hope that web streams would overload `.toArray` to do what users would expect (return the stream as an array) rather than a list of chunks.

Author: This behavior is probably changing and we are going with no non-objectMode specific behavior https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/41615 - it's also good to Note `toArray` will always return well... an array :)
